is colin kaepernick call he has done the
postseason is win almost every time he
was three in one cam newton playing in
his first career playoff game cam newton
here looking for Brandon LaFell but it's
picked off by Patrick Willis nice play
by willis to go and get them live cams
throws in trouble he has his strong to
the right his feet weren't set he didn't
give it much on that you see right there
was a bad throw we undertook the ball if
that was hella to a bath throat he had
to cleave it's not too who wouldn't
throw an interception on the sidelines
when he did not have a steed said they
made an accurate throw so the 49ers turn
that into a field goal on the Panthers
next drive Mike Hulbert gets their stuff
getting tough to cook that goal line I'm
enable some tough fourth down deep in
some goal line defense what to expect
them to extremely well coast defense and
what would you expect that in a gambler
riverboat Ron decides to go forth for
that play after the third down can't
came to the silence Afghan there right i
can give you have to trust your six foot
back towards you do but you don't trust
the glitters going to get stood up in
your leg are going to get stuff and
that's basically what happened is that
yeah i was talking about remember show
quickly rear off has a wine that you're
not going to get there that was the
mistake i think i've heard a lot of
always believe in getting a goober
especially a game knows will be a little
boy well they did get the ball right
back and they scored quickly to steve
smith for the touchdown Panthers now on
top 76 Newton's first career postseason
touchdown pass in a perfect pass to be
missed first one look at the placement
could have been anybody no because Steve
Smith did not get that much separation
partly due to the bad knee but that's a
perfect pass was indefensible position
he's pointing to the new saying okay
everything
but later on in the game ready Steve
Gulf yeah without yeah where did he go
oh here comes cam again this time to his
leading receiver this year greg olsen
for 35 years in the Panthers marching
down in a 49ers territory four plays
later Mike Tolbert he wore on the end
zone hey no easy slit fourth-and-goal
riverboat run not going what you ask
what happened back need to be touched it
so they end up settling for a field goal
here's Kaepernick to Michael Crabtree
when they get the ball back for 20 yards
would break CREP cash back crack's yes
today the best hands ever passing
efficiency right here bring Florence
doesn't actually react to the ball and
for letting hear that but if they might
also plays through that's exactly what
you do so two plays later Kaepernick
roll it out waiting try to hit her to
davis which he does he's ruled out of
bounds initially but taking out a look
at this thing both vernon and cowboys it
look there's Jim gets a free kick
tonight I'm care if you're right or not
you know it's not like he knows that
penalties will be immortal I think often
it's a touchdown yeah upon further
review they look at this thing and see
them clearly yeah Vernon Davis had both
feet inbounds so hard ball was right
Cavs it just right I was a great great
dragon yeah
was great presence by brining Davis the
know where he is on the football field
but also a nice bro power capping it a
lot of times put it back to sell that
ball through a to point out of bounds
and the receiver can't get his feet in
bounds so that's a 49er lead next 13
1030 cooker Kaepernick know it deep to
Anquan Boldin yes guys so good for
season that's the play out speaking
about and whisk motherland thought maybe
he had help i think that's eyes caught
on another route any type of jump well
you came to the sidelines he felt he
throws something's going on would you
see right here calm catholic off the
left side all right again and he steals
cams right exists the jackets and you
know they look at their roommates at the
combat anything camp update a Liberty
found I've accepted it and some gets
overcome let me know who the first will
be the first ticket is read about a
little bit of puppy chest and that was
no idle moment having something for cam
right there as he sacks and then Newton
pressure and sacked by Ahmad Brooks the
Panthers are forced to punt on the drive
and that's two sacks with a walk off or
secular plays that really end another
good run in the fourth quarter training
or dairy is Jamie we're talking about
this disguise oh so many times when he's
the third so it Brett he finds a little
crease and pops it for about 40 yards
hey any distinction because he extends
the dried in kuching position and
Kaepernick here not good cut down
district the two off to up another 30 or
40 seconds yeah that's what really
paying attention thing you just kind of
deep down hit that need
they still get a field goal out of the
possession so here come the Panthers
sniffing oh this is sacked again awful
terrible call they called heaven to hell
did come a contact here there's nothing
it's good it could have done nothing
absolutely no way to change this target
point it was so bad of a call because
they can change the dead now but they're
get a touchdown right here exactly that
changed the whole landscape of the game
dudes that over a backhaul instead it
was an interception by Donte Whitner and
that was basically game set match the
49ers taken over there only 27 and all
they need is this one was trying to line
up the clock Kendall Hunter goes up the
middle for two yards on third and tens
about only one Josh Thomas here and you
gotta know it that's sometimes you get
to chick you see these are the mistakes
that you can make this there's no reason
for this there's absolutely no reason
for that and then the finish at all and
it's time you got on us too I'm gonna
get the ball back there's formula
slipping again we gotta get 23 10 is the
final Colin Kaepernick solid Frank Gore
doing what he does average is almost a
hundred yards per game in the postseason
Antoine boom the start of the day for
the night if it's not Crabtree its
boldness is not fooling with Vernon
Davis in the post exact want the
Baltimore Ravens start thinking now only
but he look at this bracket this is what
we thought dogsex let's go 49ers fans
went home sitting on the couch and where
are we going next you are going to
Seattle that's for it you get it
ok this